Create a verification button next to the User profile once they sign up as premium member.

Once the user sign up as premium member of the app their account is still not verified and a button next to their name will show as not verified with a red circle displayed in front of it.

In order to be verified the customer has to click on the not verified button, once the button is pressed the customer will be presented with a new tab or page which will ask them for the additional information for verification.

The form will include
Full legal name or any middle name
DOB
Address which matched their Id 
State , country, post code or zip code.
Form of Identification.
Present customer with a list of identification accepted depending on the country they are from.
Please search the internet and provide customer with relevant id option to choose from as a drop down menu.
The customer has to update any 2 form of identification suggested
Give them the option to upload their id from all type of devices and also the capability to take a picture of their id and submit.
Create a verification system in the backend when identification files are submitted the system automatically verifies and authenticates the users profile.
Once the identification is all verified the customer profile will be shown as verified and it will be also verified to other users of the app.
Once the identification process is completed and authenticated by the system the customer profile will display a symbol of man saluting them with a green verified button in the front of it.

In order to complete the verification process the customer should be asked to pay $2.99 monthly fees to they can also go for a yearly fees of $19.99

Once the customer has selected the plan they want they should be taken to payment options like credit card or debit card or PayPal or Stripe 

Once the payment goes through the verification process will begin in the backend and the customer profile will start showing a verified sign on the profile with in 24 hours.