In the premium subscription add.

Earn tokens to complete different activities listed on the app or helping friends or your families.
Redeem your tokens in to real cash once your balance reaches 1000 tokens
Give a helping hand to your family or friend’s by transferring the amount redeemed if they are in need. 
Donate your earnings to help the communities in need.

Only premium users can earn the tokens and can redeem them to cash.

A user can redeem once their token balance reaches 1000 tokens

1000 tokens is equal to $5. Once the users account balance reaches $10 they will be able to convert it in to real cash and withdraw them to their PayPal or Stripe account.

Create an option in the premium user section to add their PayPal or Stripe account information.

Premium users should be able to withdraw their earnings in their local currencies or in USD dollars.

Users will be liable for any fees associated with the withdrawals.

Update the user sign up page as:

First name

Middle name

Last name

Gender should be all that is present today. Create a list of options for users to choose.

State 

Country 

Email

Username

Password

Confirm password

Once signed up the user should be presented with a dynamic Color based on their gender chosen

No inequality in terms of gender, racial profile or sexual orientation should be shown to the app user.

No content should be published or posted by anyone with represents discrimination, child abuse, pornography or any other materials which goes against the rules of countries and states in the world.

Note stop people from creating duplicate accounts. Capture the Ip address during the signup. If a user tries to create a duplicate account under different name using same email address, stop them from doing so.

Create a roll over logo dynamic, eye catching, distinctive, professional and as per the market trend with dynamic eye catch colours  resembling the idea of the app

The premium user section colour changes as per the mood of the user.